welcome to 765 o'farrell number 26 this
is a junior one-bedroom that actually
works as a two room for two roommates
looking to save some other we're here in
what would be the first row you could
use it as a living room one of the
bedrooms whatever you want there's a
variety of different ways to use it it's
got hardwood floors and this one has a
bay window it's on the rear of the
building so the room is nice and quiet
looks over a shared common yard and it's
nice and sunny this main room is
separated by a partial wall there's a
door here that will close this off you
have another room here
this store here you can open up and you
can go into a large closet which I've
seen people also use as a sleeping area
this room here opens up to the kitchen
which has its own door so it can be
closed off the kitchen is gorgeous it
was just all redone features a white
tile floor a sunny breakfast area a
medium-sized new refrigerator white
quartz countertops custom cabinets a
full-size sink lots of nice cabinets you
have a built-in microwave and a new
stainless frigidaire arrange this is
just that blue is just a protective
cover its stainless underneath and then
there's a little hallway alcove the bath
has been updated I believe it's a new
toilet new vanity and new tiling on the
wall there and then you have another
entry into the little closet or which is
a pretty big closet here as shelf and
also the wood floors if you're
interested in leasing 765 O'Farrell
number 26 visit bill harkins calm or
call for 1530 55 311 thank you